docs/index.md, before:

# Automata Network

**Automata Network** is a decentralized service protocol that provides middleware-like services for dApps to achieve traceless privacy, high assurance and frictionless computation.


## [**The MEV Wiki**](./mev/introduction.md)

**Flashboys, Flashbots, Dark Forests and more..**

[![](./assets/mev_wiki.png){style="zoom:60%"}](./mev/introduction.md)
## [**Witness**](./witness/introduction.md)

[![](./assets/witness.png){style="zoom:60%"}](./witness/introduction.md)

**Witness** is a privacy-first off-chain governance solution with on-chain execution.

Please see the [guide](./witness/introduction.md) to start.

## [**ContextFree**](./canarynet/getstarted/introduction.md)
[![](./assets/canary.png){style="zoom:60%"}](./canarynet/getstarted/introduction.md)

**ContextFree** is the canary network of Automata Network.

Please see the [wallet guide](./canarynet/userguide/setupwallet.md) here!

## [**NFTFair**](./nftfair/introduction.md)

[![](./assets/nftfair-image.png){style="zoom:60%"}](./nftfair/introduction.md)

**Automata NFTFair** is an NFT launch platform.

Read the [introduction](./nftfair/introduction.md) to learn more about the platform.

## [**AnyDAO**](./anydao/introduction.md)

[![](./assets/anydao-image.png){style="zoom:60%"}](./anydao/introduction.md)

**Automata AnyDAO** is a governance platform for DAOs.

Read the [introduction](./anydao/introduction.md) to learn more about the platform.

<!--
## Links

* [Website](https://www.ata.network/)
* [Witness](https://witness.ata.network/)
* [Dashboard](https://d.ata.network/)
* [Faucet](https://faucet.ata.network) -->

Commit message:

[DEV-161] Init 2FA Guru doc (#86)
* Init 2fa doc

* added 2fa contract docs

* Update hyperlink and faq

* Update hyperlink and terms

* Update email address

* Update doc

* Update 2FA Guru Geode

* Rename

* Fix indent

* fixed contract docs typo

* Update image

* Add 1password description

* Update image in the index page

* Reorder the index

* Update user guide images

* Update introduction.md

* Update introduction.md

* Update introduction.md

* Update introduction.md

* Update introduction.md

* Update introduction.md

* Update introduction.md

* Update introduction.md

* Update faq.md

* Update faq.md

* Update faq.md

* Fix hyperlink

* Update faq.md

* Address the comments

* Update user guide

* Update 2FA guru app hyperlink

Co-authored-by: Preston Ong <preston4896@me.com>
Co-authored-by: samxkoh <82356500+samxkoh@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/index.md, after:

# Automata Network

**Automata Network** is a decentralized service protocol that provides middleware-like services for dApps to achieve traceless privacy, high assurance and frictionless computation.


## [**The MEV Wiki**](./mev/introduction.md)

**Flashboys, Flashbots, Dark Forests and more..**

[![](./assets/mev_wiki.png){style="zoom:60%"}](./mev/introduction.md)
## [**Witness**](./witness/introduction.md)

[![](./assets/witness.png){style="zoom:60%"}](./witness/introduction.md)

**Witness** is a privacy-first off-chain governance solution with on-chain execution.

Please see the [guide](./witness/introduction.md) to start.

## [**ContextFree**](./canarynet/getstarted/introduction.md)
[![](./assets/canary.png){style="zoom:60%"}](./canarynet/getstarted/introduction.md)

**ContextFree** is the canary network of Automata Network.

Please see the [wallet guide](./canarynet/userguide/setupwallet.md) here!

## [**NFTFair**](./nftfair/introduction.md)

[![](./assets/nftfair-image.png){style="zoom:60%"}](./nftfair/introduction.md)

**Automata NFTFair** is an NFT launch platform.

Read the [introduction](./nftfair/introduction.md) to learn more about the platform.

## [**AnyDAO**](./anydao/introduction.md)

[![](./assets/anydao-image.png){style="zoom:60%"}](./anydao/introduction.md)

**Automata AnyDAO** is a governance platform for DAOs.

Read the [introduction](./anydao/introduction.md) to learn more about the platform.

## [**2FA Guru**](./2fa/introduction.md)

[![](./assets/2fa/2fa-guru-image.png){style="zoom:60%"}](./2fa/introduction.md)

**Automata 2FA Guru** is a middleware to protect your assets.

Read the [introduction](./2fa/introduction.md) to setup your 2FA Guru.

<!--
## Links

* [Website](https://www.ata.network/)
* [Witness](https://witness.ata.network/)
* [Dashboard](https://d.ata.network/)
* [Faucet](https://faucet.ata.network) -->
